Storage Gateway is a service that connects an on-premises software appliance ith cloud-based storage to provide
seamless and secure integration between an organization's on-premises IT environment and AWS's storage infrastructure.
The service enables you to securely store data to the AWS cloud for scalable and cost-effective storage.

Download as a virtual machine image:
    VMI: is basically a hollow shell for your to download different softwares or operation systems on

Storage Gateway is installed on a host in your OWN datacenter.

Supports either VMware ESXi or Microsoft Hyper-V.


Four Types of Storage Gateways:

 -File Gateway (NFS): store flat files, word files, PDF's, videos etc..
 -Volume Gate (iSCSI): block based storage (where you store operating systems on..) virtual harddisk, virtual installed SQL servers..
    =Stored Volumes: where you store all data on site
    =Cached Volumes: where you're only storing the most recently visited objects on site
 -Tape Gateway (VTL)

VOLUME GATEWAY:
    -Think of it as a virtual harddrive where you can download OS or SQL servers onto 
    -Data written to these volumes can be asynchronously backed up as point-in-time snapshots of your volumes and stored in the cloud as Amazon EBS snapshots
        =EBS: elastic block store, virtual harddisk where we attach to our EC2 instances, which are our virtual machines.

STORED VOLUMES:
    -Makes everytime the client passes data to our on-premise applications, it will send it to our own premise storage and also send it to S3 Gateway here it will keep
    a virtual copy of our data

VIRTUAL VOLUMES:
    -Will only save the latest acquired data rather than creating a whole new copy of the on-premise storage.

EXAM TIPS:
    File Gateway- For flat files, stored directly on S3.
    Volume Gateway:
        =Stored Volumes: Entire Dataset is stored on site and is asynchronously backed up to S3.
        =Cached Volumes: Entire Dataset is stored on S3 and the most frequently accessed data is cached on site.
    Gateway Virtual Tape Library (VTL):
        =Used for backup and uses popular backup applications like NetBackup, Backup Exec, Veeam etc.